♪♪
- Hey, I'm Wes.
- I'm Philip,
and we're Wong Fu Productions.
And we directed
"Single by 30."
You know, one of the
hardest parts
about starting
a new relationship
is meeting their friends.
Yeah, you know, one
of the best parts
about a new relationship
is meeting their friends.
You just said
the same thing.
I know.
They're gonna love you.
Just be yourself,
don't talk politics,
and ask about work,
they love that.
It's starting to feel
like a test.
Relax, I just want it
to go well.
Hey, and later tonight,
I say we dominate them
in Flip Cup.
It's not that kind
of party, Peter.
Oh.
Hey, come meet
my co-worker, Jessie
and her husband Rob.
Okay.
- Hey, guys.
- Hello.
This is Peter,
my boyfriend.
Hi, Peter, I'm Jessie.
This is my husband, Rob.
- How are ya?
- Nice to meet you, guys.
You, too.
Jessie and Rob
just had a baby.
Oh, that's so great.
Boy or a girl?
Oh, we're gonna let
him or her decide.
It's the right thing
to do.
Obviously.
Wow, so, doctors
and parents.
How do you do it?
- They're my heroes.
- Awww.
A lot of teamwork
- and a lot of coffee.
- Coffee, so much coffee.
Hahahaha.
How about you, Peter?
Oh, I'm in the
family business.
You know, printing...
for apparel,
printing on apparel.
Fashion,
that's super-exciting.
It's not the fashion
you're thinking.
Oh, Peter's being modest.
He actually runs
his own company
and has a lot
of great clients.
It's actually my parents'
company.
Well, we're gonna go
get refills.
Okay.
Why did you
undersell yourself?
Well, it's not like
we're Versace.
I mean, our last client
was the Toluca Lake
Fighting Scorpions.
I don't think an
under-seven soccer team
is that impressive.
Not when you say it
like that.
How would you
say it?
I do the apparel branding
for LA sports teams.
That does sound better.
[laughs]
♪♪